=head1 NAME

Scripts documentation.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over

=item B<courses_news.pl>

=item B<data_backup.pl>

=item B<data_crypt.pl> <-d|-e output> <input>

=item B<debian_update.pl> [-y]

=item B<downloads_sort.pl>

=item B<music_control.pl> <mpc_command>

=item B<opus_edit.pl> <path/to/directory/>

=item B<pdf_convert.pl> <path/to/directory/>

=item B<repository_watch.pl>

=item B<sources_search.pl> <regular_expression>

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 Courses News

Courses News will fetch the news section from B<courses.ece.tuc.gr>
and after formatting it, it will be displayed as a desktop
notification.

=head2 Data Backup

Data Backup will compress and copy files and folders to a directory
named current YEAR-MONTH-DAY, inside the destination directory.
The files and folders, as well as the backup destination, must be
specified in the config file ~/.config/data_backup.conf. The first
line of the config file must be the destination and each line
after that a file/folder to backup, for example:

    # Comment
    # Backup destination
    /media/joe/BackupDisk/

    # A directory
    /home/joe/Documents/
    # Some files
    /home/joe/.config/
    /home/joe/.bashrc

=head2 Data Crypt

Data Crypt is a simple wrapper script around GnuPG, in order to let
the user symmetrically encrypt/decrypt dicrectories. Note that on
successful encryption/decryption the input directory/file is deleted.

=head2 Debian Update

Debian Update will check the connection to debian update servers and then
it will perform several tasks with apt-get:

=over

=item It will update the cache

=item It will clean downloaded packages

=item It will perform a dist-upgrade

=item It will autoremove orphaned packages

=item Also it can take the optional arguemnt -y and pass it to dist-upgrade

=back

=head2 Downloads Sort

B<See https://github.com/mtsolekas/dsort for a better version>

Downloads Sort will move the files from ~/Downloads/ matching
the patterns found in ~/.config/downloads_sort.conf to their
corresponding destinations. The downloads_sort.conf syntax is a
glob pattern followed by the destination directory (optionally comments
can be used by starting a line with #), for example:

    # Comment 1
    *.pdf
    Documents/

    # Comment 2
    *.opus
    Music/

=head2 Music Control

Music control will just execute the given mpc command if mpd is running.
If it isn't running it will start it and set random and repeat on.

=head2 Opus Edit

Opus Edit will edit the ARTIST and TITLE tags of all opus files
in the given directory by getting the required information from
the files name. The opus file must be named in the format of
"MyArtist - MyTitle.opus", in which case it will set the ARTIST tag
to MyArtist and the TITLE tag to MySong. If any files were edited
it will move them to the Music directory in the users home folder and
if MPD is running it will refresh it.


=head2 PDF Convert

PDF Convert will convert all doc, docx, odt, ppt, pptx, odp files
in the given directory to PDF. It uses the export to PDF function
of LibreOffice, so that needs to be installed for the script to work.

=head2 Repository Watch

Repository Watch will compare the latest commits from 2 github repositories
at a time, determine wether a new commit is available and inform the user
within a desktop notification. The list of repositories is sourced from
~/.config/repository_watch.conf. The config file has the following syntax:

    # Comment
    repository_name1 upstream_username1 origin_username1

    repository_name2 upstream_username2 origin_username2

=head2 Sources Search

Sources Search will search all files contents in the current directory
and all subdirectories for matches to the given perl regular expression
and list them. Currently it searches the contents of C source and header
files as well as Perl source files.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2017,2018 Marios Tsolekas <marios.tsolekas@gmail.com>.

These scripts and documentation are free software under the
GPL version 3.

=cut
